# Grades React App

[**Live App**](https://grades-app-c415d.ey.r.appspot.com/)

## Description
An end-to-end GPA Calculator and Web App, using React for the frontend, Node + Express for the backend, and MongoDB for the database.

## About The Project
This project was conceived when I started learning React. It was a great exercise, particularly focusing on the frontend UI.

Data for this website is generated by the users themselves. Users can input their grades by their credits and semesters and receive data about their academic experience, such as GPA (overall/yearly/semesterly), the number of users from their academic institution using this app, and their average GPA. In addition, they can see their academic performance and plan for their future by editing grades or adding new courses.

The project was deployed with Google Cloud web hosting service.

## Pages
- **Sign In:** Display login form with an option to register using email/password or login with a Google account.
- **Sign Up:** Display registration form (email, password, and academic institution).
- **Home:** Display buttons-menu to navigate users to grades or statistics page. (Auto-navigate to login if the account isn't logged in).
- **Grades:** Display Course Name/ Grade / Credits form by semester and year. Users can input their own data and edit or delete it.
- **Statistics:** Display user's statistics: Gpa/ Yearly Gpa/ Semestrly Gpa Chart (using ChartJS library) / The number of users from their school using this app and their average GPA.

## Tech Stack
- **Frontend:** React.js, Tailwind CSS, React Icons
- **Backend:** Node.js, Express, dotenv, Mongoose, Axios
- **Authentication:** Firebase Auth
- **Database:** MongoDB
- **Host:** Google Cloud Host Service

## API Docs
[**Server Endpoint**](https://grades-app-c415d.ey.r.appspot.com/)
